(light relaxing music)
- [Nana Komatsu] Hey Nana.
Remember the first time we met?
You know how I believe
in things like fate?
Well, I think that was fate.
You can laugh if you want.
(upbeat rock music)
Oh dear God, great
Buddha, demon Lord.
(gasps) Yay!
(playful upbeat music)
Excuse me?
I wanted to return
this video.
Hey Nana!
What's with all the noise?
(Nana laughing)
[Nana] Spring is here!
Spring is finally here!
I've waited so long for this.
Looking back on it,
I was basically
running away from home.
But I don't think my
parents were that surprised.
Back home, I have two sisters.
One is older and
the other is younger.
It was pretty crowded
around our house.
Back then, I spent all
my time yammering on
about visiting Tokyo
or living there.
I think my parents
were secretly relieved
that one of their obnoxious
daughters had finally left home.
I was leaving my
family and the city
I'd lived in my whole life.
But any feelings of home
sickness hadn't hit me yet.
I was so excited to
be going to Tokyo.
My heart was full of
hope and expectation.
Now I have the chance
to see Shoji every day!
(bell ringing)
No more text messages,
no more phone calls.
Finally, we could talk
face to face again.
[Announcer] Thank you for
choosing the bullet train
with service to Tokyo.
We apologize.
[Nana] Wow. The
train's packed.
I'd better hurry up and find
a seat so I can text Shoji.
Excuse me?
Hello? Excuse-
(wheels screech)
(Nana yells)
(wheels whistling)
What happened?
Why'd we stop?
Was there an accident?
[Nana] You okay?
[Nana Komatsu]
Yeah, I'm fine sorry.
No, I'm sorry.
Hope this didn't hurt
you when it fell.
I'm fine.
By the way, is this seat?
I mean, would it be okay if I--
Go ahead.
Huh?
(relaxing music)
She's so beautiful.
And so cool too.
There's something
different about her,
like she's got
this special aura.
So thin and such a pretty face.
Maybe she's famous.
Those long eyelashes
and her makeup?
It really stands out,
but it looks perfect.
Beautiful people always look
great no matter what they do.
Wow, a designer ring.
That is so cool.
Is the smoke bothering you?
No, no, no.
That's okay.
I'm fine.
We're getting
nowhere fast.
The train.
Keeps on stopping like this.
[Nana Komatsu] Really?
What am I gonna do?
I'm in a hurry.
Yeah, that's too bad.
I know what I can do.
I can text him.
(phone beeping)
There.
That was really fast.
I'm amazed at how you
high school students
keep up with all
that technology.
I'm not in high school.
I'm already 20.
(Nana laughs)
Sorry, I never would've
guessed we were the same age.
She's so cute when she laughs.
You gotta be kidding.
You don't look the
same age as me.
You can't be 20.
I mean, the way you said
you high school students
makes you seem a lot older.
Guess that's
just how I am.
I'm still part of
the analog world.
[Announcer] Ladies
and gentlemen,
we will be moving again soon.
But because of the
weather conditions,
we'll be proceeding
much slower than normal.
We apologize for
any inconvenience
this delay has caused.
[Nana Komatsu] I
don't believe it.
How long is it going to
take us to get to Tokyo now?
So what's with the
big hurry to get there?
- Nothing much.
I wanted to move
to Tokyo for ages.
I'm going to look for
a job when I get there.
No kidding, so am I.
You mean you're
moving to Tokyo?
Yeah.
Oh, wow.
I assumed you
lived there already
and you were just coming back
from a tour or something.
A tour?
Yeah, like doing
concerts everywhere.
When I saw your guitar,
I figured you must be a
professional musician.
Oh.
[Nana Komatsu] So
are you in a band?
I was in one back
at home, yeah.
I knew it.
That is so cool.
Where are you from?
Oh, a message.
No, wait, someone's calling.
Hello, this is Nana.
Hey there, Shoji.
Yeah, we got stuck in the snow.
The train's delayed.
I don't know when
we'll get there.
Are you sure that's okay?
We might not get into the
station until after midnight.
If you're sure you don't mind.
That sounds great, thanks. I'll
give you a call once we know
for sure when we'll arrive.
Okay, bye for now.
So you got a
boyfriend in Tokyo?
You sure are lovey
dovey with him.
Now it all makes sense.
You're going to Tokyo
to be with your guy.
No!
Okay, sorta, maybe.
(laughs) Are you
or aren't you?
Well, he is not
actually from Tokyo.
We know each other
from back home.
We went to the same
school together,
but he wanted to go and study
at an art college in Tokyo,
so he decided to move there.
Why didn't you go with him?
Seems like the
obvious thing to do.
Oh, I wanted to.
Believe me, I wanted to, but
he told me to stay behind.
How come?
Because I had no idea
what I wanted to do
and no money to do it with.
He said, I should have some
sort of plan before I left home.
That makes sense.
So I bit my lip,
stayed at home,
and started saving up enough
money to make the move.
We made a promise that if
he passed his university
entrance exams, then
I would join him.
Once I'm in Tokyo, I'll get a
job so I can support myself.
And that way I don't have
to be dependent on him.
I can't believe I've been
pouring my heart out like this
to a complete stranger.
Nothing wrong with that.
Sometimes it's easier
to talk to a stranger.
Besides, looks like we're
gonna be sitting here
for quite a while.
Huh?
Yeah, I guess you're right.
So then why don't I
tell you some more?
To be honest, I've been
dying to talk to somebody
about my boyfriend!
His name's Shoji and
he's nice, considerate,
and a totally cool guy.
Sometimes he can be a bit of a
goof when he opens his mouth,
but that's okay.
A goof and you
still like the guy?
Hey, how about I
buy us both of beer?
Sure, why not?
Two beers, please!
Okay. I think we
should make a toast.
Okay. To what?
Shoji passing his exam?
Nah, that's got
nothing to do with me.
All right then, what about
a toast to you and me?
Yeah, I'll drink to that.
A toast to two girls
who are the same age
who happen to be going to
Tokyo at the same time,
stuck on the same train.
Quite a coincidence, right?
And there's one more thing.
A toast to the fact that
both of us are called Nana.
[Nana Komatsu] Remember
the first time we met?
A snowstorm blew
in out of nowhere
and the train moved
along so slowly.
It took us five hours
to get to Tokyo.
But the time seemed to fly by.
I talked endlessly about myself,
so I didn't get to find
out anything about you.
Now that I know you better,
I'm pretty sure you wouldn't
have said much anyway.
[Shoji] Nana!
Shoji!
(Nana panting)
Why are you crying?
I thought you'd be happy.
Of course I'm
happy to see you.
Must have been tough sitting
on that train for five hours.
Mhmm.
Well, it was okay.
Oh.
[Shoji] What's up?
I made friends with the
girl sitting next to me.
Yeah?
I don't see her.
We got off the train together.
I wonder where she
could have gone.
We didn't even get the chance
to swap numbers and stuff.
What's up with that?
Then it's not like you're
really friends with her at all.
Stop crying.
Kyosuke and Junko are
waiting for us downstairs.
(Nana exclaims)
Jun!
(whimsical upbeat music)
[Jun] See ya.
[Shoji] Goodnight!
What are you waiting for Nana?
Let's go inside.
Okay.
Wait a minute.
Is it okay for me to be
staying here with him?
[Shoji] Come on in.
Sorry, my place is
a bit of a mess.
[Nana] Sorry.
Hope it's not too much
trouble coming to stay
at such short notice.
To be honest, I thought
it was gonna be staying
with Jun until I managed
to find a place of my own.
That'd be kind of awkward
though, wouldn't it?
Now that the two of them
are living together.
- Ah!
No way, you're kidding.
Junko never mentioned
anything to me about it.
Since when?
- It just kind of happened.
Kyosuke was spending
more and more time there
and then eventually he moved in.
[Nana] Wow.
[Shoji] Hey, come on.
Take your shoes off.
I never would've guessed.
[Shoji] This is
Japan, remember?
Oh, it must be so great!
Now what?
[Nana] Hey are trying to get
me undressed already?
Pervert!
I wonder if Shoji and I
will end up like that.
I want to make up for all
the time we were apart.
I'm so happy.
No, I wanted to get up early
and make breakfast for him!
(Nana sighs)
But I can still work
hard until he gets home.
Doing all this stuff
kind of makes me feel
like I'm his wife.
Imagine how great it would be
if I helped him like
this every single day.
You know, this
actually tastes good.
There's no need for you
to sound so surprised.
Let's face it, you
seem like you'd be bad
at this sort of thing.
You've never had
my food before!
I'm just kidding.
It really is good.
This miso soup is perfect.
[Nana] And it only took
me three hours to make.
So how did things go with
the real estate agent today?
Did you find a place?
I got so busy with
everything else,
I kind of ran out of time.
Oh yeah?
Did the job hunting take longer
than you thought it would?
Get any good leads?
[Nana] That's right.
I gotta find a job.
Or did you stay
in bed all day?
No, I did not.
In case you hadn't noticed
your apartment is spotless,
thanks to me and my hard work.
You spent the day doing what?
You didn't come all
this way to Tokyo
to spend your time
cleaning my place.
You promised me that if you
came here, you'd find a job,
so that way you could
take care of yourself.
Is that all the thanks I get
after everything I've
done for you today?
Thanks a lot, Shoji.
I shouldn't have snapped
at him like that.
I don't wanna make him feel bad.
[Shoji] Thanks for dinner.
[Nana] Let me do the dishes.
[Shoji] It's okay.
I can do it myself.
You're not gonna find anything
for less than
50,000 yen a month.
I guess if I work hard,
I can afford to pay a
bit more for my rent,
but is there any way
you can help me out
by giving me some sort
of deal on the deposit?
Hmm.
How would you feel about
living in an older building?
They don't want any deposit?
It's a huge apartment
for that price,
and we can have pets as well?
Would you like to take a look?
Sure.
(birds chirping)
There it is.
That brick
building up ahead.
[Nana] It was built a long
time ago, before I was born.
It looked really elegant and
had that old classic style.
I fell in love with it from
the moment I laid eyes on it.
The only problem was that
it's a seven floor walkup
with no elevator, but it had
an excellent view of the river.
Perfect for someone like me,
who was used to
living in the country.
It made me feel at home.
Oh no.
Looks like somebody's
already here.
Do you mind if I show
the place to my client?
Sorry, this young lady's
pretty much decided
to take the place.
Nana!
It is you, isn't it?
What a coincidence.
Who are you?
[Nana Komatsu] Am
I that forgettable?
[Nana] (laughs) Sorry, sorry.
Are you all right, Nana?
- [Nana Komatsu] So,
you do remember me.
- [Nana] I didn't recognize you.
Those clothes and that hair
make you look
completely different.
Total change of style.
- So I take it you
two are friends?
[Nana K] Yes, we're
good friends.
[Nana] I wouldn't say
we're friends exactly.
Anyway, I suppose we
should get down to business,
Miss Osaki?
Have you decided, will
you take the place?
I'm still thinking about it.
Well, if you haven't decided,
perhaps you'd allow me to
give this young lady a tour
of the apartment?
Cool!
The kitchen is so cute.
The rooms are so big!
An old fashioned claw foot tub?
(Nana laughing)
I'll take it!
[Nana And Yokoi]
Hold on a minute.
I found this place first.
You can't just barge in
here and take it from me.
I didn't mean to, I'm sorry.
You should be.
What on earth were
you thinking?
To be fair, it
didn't look as though
you had made up your mind yet.
- Well, now I have.
I'm taking it.
Yokoi.
(Nana Komatsu gasps)
[Nana Komatsu] Wait,
don't do it!
I'm not waiting.
My mind's made up.
I'm fed up with sleeping
in crappy rundown hotels.
I don't care where I live
as long as I get a
place of my own now.
If you don't care
where you live,
then find somewhere else,
'cause this is where
I want to live.
What's wrong with you staying
at your boyfriend's place?
(Nana gasps)
He dumped you didn't he?
No!
But if things carry on the
way they have been, he might.
What do you mean?
I thought you were all
lovey dovey for him?
I thought so too,
but last night he--
[Yokoi] Excuse me, ladies.
I'm not sure now was the
time to be discussing
nonsense like this.
[Both Nanas] Nonsense?
Here I am suffering such
pain and he calls it nonsense?
Yokoi?
Yes?
For someone who supposedly
works in the service industry,
you sure don't have much tact.
I'm sorry.
I apologize.
Your job isn't just about
earning a paycheck, you know.
Be a little more sensitive.
Now, now, calm down ladies.
Sensitive?
If I may, I have a suggestion,
I'd like to run by you.
Who the hell is this old
guy anyway, your grandpa?
This is Mr. Ondo from
the real estate agency
by the train station.
He's been in the biz for 52
years, so he's like a veteran.
It's obvious the two of you
already know each other.
Perhaps you should consider
renting the apartment together.
Why don't you become roommates?
The place is designed with
the dining room in the middle
and two bedrooms
at opposite ends,
which means you can
have your own privacy.
Plus, you'll have each other's
company when you want it.
Sharing an apartment can be
a very rewarding experience.
Also, by sharing you'll each
only half to pay half the rent.
[Both] Half the rent?
Half of 70,000?
35,000 yen.
[Both] That's so cheap.
[Nana Komatsu]
Let's go for it, Nana.
I suppose this means you
and I are gonna have to split
our brokers fee in
half as well.
[Nana] Yeah, sounds okay.
But how do I know I
can live with you?
Can you respect
someone else's privacy?
Of course I can.
If privacy is an issue,
you can always put locks
on the bedroom doors.
It's a very cheap solution.
I can even arrange
the installation.
Oh, thank you,
Mr. Ondo, thank you!
You're such a nice person.
Isn't he a nice--
[Yokoi] Miss Osaki, are you sure
you wanna go ahead with this?
Yes, it'll be cheaper,
but think it through.
You barely know this girl and
she seems kind of annoying.
[Nana] I disagree.
Yokoi, you're a sad lonely man.
Mr. Ondo, how soon can
those locks be put in?
If I arrange it right away,
I can have someone come
by tomorrow morning.
Thank you.
Please do.
I'll start moving my stuff
in tomorrow afternoon.
What about you?
Yeah, me too.
(warming orchestral music)
[Nana] Starting tomorrow,
you and I will be
roommates, Nana.
[Nana Komatsu] At that moment,
I felt like I was going to cry.
I don't really know
how to explain it,
but when I was
shaking Nana's hand,
I felt this warmth that
went straight to my heart.
(upbeat music)